Add 3.8 to version history (#12899)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _about/version-history.md

OpenSearch version | Release highlights | Release date
:--- | :--- | :---

> [3.8.0](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-build/blob/main/release-notes/opensearch-release-notes-3.8.0.md) | Delivers up to 4.2x faster vector ingestion with Base64-encoded vectors and up to 2.1x higher radial search throughput with improved recall. Extends Model Context Protocol (MCP) support to flow and conversational flow agents, adds a list tools API and connector-level tool description overrides, and introduces experimental retention policies for agentic memory. Adds gRPC streaming for ML predictions and agent execution, and expands LLM-as-a-Judge in Search Relevance Workbench to any ML Commons connector. Streamlines log analytics with a visual PPL query builder, experimental SQL support and an onboarding canvas in Explore logs, a PPL lint engine, a Grok debugger in Dev Tools, and the new `makeresults`, `foreach`, `xyseries`, and `timewrap` PPL commands. For a full list of release highlights, see the [Release Notes](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-build/blob/main/release-notes/opensearch-release-notes-3.8.0.md). | 04 August 2026

Author: ```suggestion
[3.8.0](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-build/blob/main/release-notes/opensearch-release-notes-3.8.0.md) | Delivers up to 4.2x faster vector ingestion with Base64-encoded vectors and up to 2.1x higher radial search throughput with improved recall. Extends Model Context Protocol (MCP) support to flow and conversational flow agents, adds a list tools API and connector-level tool description overrides, and introduces experimental retention policies for agentic memory. Adds gRPC streaming for ML predictions and agent execution, expands LLM-as-a-Judge in Search Relevance Workbench to additional models, and adds a Grok debugger in OpenSearch Dashboards. For a full list of release highlights, see the [Release Notes](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-build/blob/main/release-notes/opensearch-release-notes-3.8.0.md). | 04 August 2026
```
